Dear Sirs Dear Patients We welcome you all the way
warmly
and would like him in our small educational film the team of our
Cardiologist Chen call community action and shoulder and our
Introduce examination possibilities
so that the process of their visit runs smoothly with us, we would do it
ask all important documents in particular
earlier examination findings
Ende und Krankenhaus reports to bring along for the first visit
very important is the written listing of her
and so Ellen Diseases
including information about the medications they currently have
take
but possibly also about what they have already taken
and why those have been discontinued if necessary
If you were with your family doctor, please remember the remittance slip
and bring the latest possible findings such as the kg
Laboratory tests like cholesterol blood sugar the kidney values ​​and others
and also current hospital reports with
for a first examination
They should usually be with us
Schedule about one hour of time
we take the time that is necessary for each patient, that is sometimes
not to predict exactly to plan
In this respect we ask for your understanding that on the one hand we have appointments
forgive and also do not ask if possible without an appointment and
Bank transfer slip to come to us except in an emergency
On the other hand, it is also experience that we sometimes
The appointments can not be precisely kept because a patient is a very
needed much more comprehensive advice than planned
or even an emergency occurred
Please remember to bring a translator with you if so
should be necessary
Experience has shown us that it is good if the interpreter is the same
Sex as the patient has
in our waiting room you can fill in the questionnaire
we would like to hear from you what complaints you have and how
long they have these complaints already
and when they usually occur
we would like to know from you what previous illness they have
and whether a current heart disease is close
in the questionnaire you should also inform us about risk factors like
Diabetes run sports stress
or diseases that are more common in the family
all of these before information are very important to us
but the most important information is honest complaints like
The visit with us usually begins with a detailed conversation
about that
Do you have pain
how long already
when and in which situations do they occur?
or if there is no pain
how do you describe their complaints otherwise, for example, Svindal Unruhe
Palpitations or similar
where are these complaints where do they radiate out
what assumptions do you have yourself?
there are triggers
over-stressing stressed
Risk factors smoking inactivity overweight
There are diseases in the family so near relatives or partners
To find out what they are missing, we have to do some research
make them